---
title: Tank Progress and More!
layout: post
categories: [Turtle, Development, Radio]
---

First and foremost, I've spent the last several days preparing Carl Sagan's aquascape. I moved him into his temporary tank during the interim, and have planted my seeds right on top of the flourite. I believe today will be day four of germination, and I'm hoping to see sprouts in the next few days. The flourite was coarser than I imagined, almost the texture of gravel, and it was a tedious process to remove the fines from the substrate. Once these seeds sprout, I will lightly cover them with river gravel as they grow, and once they're rooted well enough, I will flood the tank and let the water cycle through the canister filter for a few days before transferring Carl to his permanent home.

<!--more-->

I've currently got him situated in a ten-gallon tank, in which he's a little crowded. He's got a large chunk of petrified wood and a medium-sized sandstone to crawl around on, and the water is staying at a constant 87 degrees Fahrenheit. Yesterday, he was fed fresh minnows from my pond, and I haven't seen him get that active in quite a while. I've had to re-seat both my filter intake and the heater, because he has a habit of prying them from their respective suction cups.

I plan on uploading pictures of the tank remodel in the near future, along with a detailed blog post.

In the meantime, I've been using my RTL-SDR as an FM Receiver via my Android TV. I installed the proper drivers and interface with the dongle using SDRTouch, which seems to work quite well, despite the fact that using the Android TV remote to tune and change settings can be a bit of a pain. Unfortunately, there seem to be no RTL-SDR applications in the Play Store for my specific model, so I had to manually download and install the APKs on my Mi Box 3 to get them to work. On top of that, there is no shortcut on the home screen, so I'm having to launch the app through the device's settings.

As for functionality, the software works quite well. I'm able to bookmark frequencies, and scroll through the stations with relative ease. I have yet to find a way to adjust the bandwidth, but I'll keep playing around with it and see what can be done about that.
